Proposal to implement payload size unit (#653)
meilisearch/documentation: guides/advanced_guides/configuration.md

**Environment variable**: `MEILI_HTTP_PAYLOAD_SIZE_LIMIT`
**CLI option**: `--http-payload-size-limit`

> The maximum size, of accepted JSON payloads. By default, This size is in bytes but it can be represented in different units (bytes, kilobytes, megabytes), more information [here](#available-size-units).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum size of accepted JSON payloads. By default this size is in bytes, but it can be represented in many different units—more information [here](guides/advanced_guides/configuration.md#available-size-units).
```

> The maximum size, of accepted JSON payloads. By default, This size is in bytes but it can be represented in different units (bytes, kilobytes, megabytes), more information [here](#available-size-units).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maximum size of accepted JSON payloads. By default this size is in bytes, but it can be represented in many different units—more information [here](guides/advanced_guides/configuration.md#available-size-units).
```

[To know more about storage in MeiliSearch look at this guide](/resources/about_storage.md)

>  By default, This size is in bytes but it can be represented in different units (bytes, kilobytes, megabytes, etc..), more information [here](#available-size-units).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this size is in bytes. However, it can be represented in many different units—more information [here](guides/advanced_guides/configuration.md#available-size-units).
```

**Default value**: `107374182400` (100 GiB)

> ### Max UDB Size

Reviewer: Will this update also affect Max UDB size?

Author: I understood yes from here :+1: 
 "And that would be great to also offer this update to the UDB size and MDB size configuration."

Author: If you confirm me this... I rewrite the doc for the aproval.

Reviewer: Yes, it's confirmed. Thank you :)

**Default value**: `1024`

[Read more about dumps](/guides/advanced_guides/snapshots_and_dumps.md#dumps)

### Available size units

The available units are B for 1 byte, KB for 1000 bytes, KiB for 1024 bytes, MB for 1000000 bytes, MiB for 1048576 bytes, etc, and up to ZiB which is 1180591620717411303424 bytes

This the complete list:

```
EXABYTE     EB
EXBIBYTE	EiB
GIBIBYTE	GiB
GIGABYTE	GB
KIBIBYTE	KiB
KILOBYTE	KB
MEBIBYTE	MiB
MEGABYTE	MB
PEBIBYTE	PiB
PETABYTE	PB
TEBIBYTE	TiB
TERABYTE	TB
ZEBIBYTE	ZiB

> ZETTABYTE	ZB

Author: perfect for me...Also, it could be useful to include some "equivalence"  with  bytes, megabytes or similar...
